# COMP1531 Assignment Iteration 1 Assumptions

## auth_login_v1 (winston)
* auth_user_id will be stored successfully into a data dictionary.
* auth_user_id has to be valid.

## auth_register_v1 (winston)
* The auth_user_id is generated by int(uuid.uuid(4)) which creates a unique number. 
* The same user cannot register twice.
* Users can have the same first_name, last_name and password.
* auth_user_id will be stored in the users key of the data dictionary.

## channel_invite_v1 (darrell)
* No duplicate invites to channels.
* No existing members can invite themselves.
* All members can invite users in any type of channel.
* Only can invite members that are not already invited.
* When invited, the user's auth_user_id will be added to the channel key of the data dictionary.

## channel_details_v1 (darrell)
* The member of all_members appears the same order as they joined the channel.
* The member of owner_members appears the same order as they became the owner of the channel.

## channel_messages_v1 (brendan)
* Start IS NOT negative. (Brendan: originally I made it an input error but apparently you're not allowed to raise any input or access errors other than the ones listed in the spec, so its tests were removed altogether and was replaced by an assumption.)
* Messages are appended to our message list within the channel key of the data dictionary.
* No messages in the channel mean that the most recent message has been returned - therefore end = -1.
* If there are 50 messages in a channel and the start is 0, then the 50th message IS the last message - return 'end': -1 rather than 'end': 50.
* Message id is not of major importance currently - can start from 1 and increment up by 1 for each new message.

## channel_join_v1 (kellen)
* Users who are already members of a channel will not attempt to join again.
* There will be no duplicate entries.
* Users will be unable to join channels that are private. They can only be in channels by being invited by an existing member.

## channels_list_v1 (kellen)
* The channels will appear in the order they were created.
* Users can call the command without being a part of any official channel - it will only return an empty list.

## channels_listall_v1 (nikki)
* Any valid auth_user_id can see all the channels - public or private. 
* The returned channels list is in the order as they were created. 

## channels_create_v1 (nikki)
* The user who creates the channel automatically becomes the owner of the channel.
* Channel_id is generated by int(uuid.uuid(1)) which creates a unique number based on the hostID and current time.
* Different channels can have the same name. 

## data 
* owner_members are also part of all_members.
* reset_data() is other.py's clear().