COMP1531 ASSIGNMENT 
Meeting Minutes and Reflection

COMP1531 ASSIGNMENT 
Meeting Minutes and Reflection

————————————— ITERATION 3 —————————————
Meeting - Wednesday 07/04/21
Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

Allocation of work
* Look in taskboard
* NOTE: Nikki was given planning.pdf and no new functions to her own will and regularly garnered feedback from members on her report. She will also serve to help members with code commitments and ensuring neat style.

Actions
-	Read spec carefully
- 	Distribute tasks/functions and chore
-	One member implement AlwaysData
	- Winston implements AlwaysData and we pin the SSH pass, login pass and email to our discord channel
-	Start on functions (only have <2 wks yikes)

TO-DO: 
-   	Get front-end to work appropriately.
-   	Work on new functions.
- 	Soft deadline for functions on Sunday.


Tutorial - Friday 09/03/21

UPDATES: 
-	Everyone’s working on their functions.
-	Nikki finished Elicitation section of planning.pdf

ACTIONS:
-	A struggle to deploy backend.

TO-DO: 
-   	Finish draft functions.


13.04.21
- 	Winston can’t seem to get frontend to work.
-	Iter2 results out and we observe what code we need .to fix.


Meeting - Wednesday 14/04/21
Duration	8:30pm - 11:45pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	Still trying to figure out deployment and frontend.

ACTIONS:
-	Nikki finishes draft planning.pdf ahead of schedule.

TO-DO:
-	Implemented assigned functions and routes
-	Fix errors from iter2 autotests
-	Successfully deploy frontend


Tutorial - Friday 16/03/21

UPDATES: 
-	Everyone’s working on their functions.
-	Brendan and Darrell finish their functions.

ACTIONS:
-	A struggle to deploy backend.

TO-DO: 
-   	Kellen to finish draft new functions.


Meeting - Sunday 18/04/21
Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	Still trying to figure out deployment and frontend.

ACTIONS:
-	Nikki helps Kellen with his routes and http tests
-	Darrell, Winston, Brendan and Nikki merge into iter3
-	Darrell and Brendan successfully deployed our backend
-	Kellen testing http tests


TO-DO:
-	Kellen to test and pass all tests
-	Successfully deploy frontend
-	Write assumptions
-	Review Nikki’s planning.pdf
-	Winston to ensure coverage in his functions


Meeting - Monday 19/04/21
Duration	8:30pm - 3:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	Brendan and Winston playing around with frontend

ACTIONS:
-	Kellen testing his http_tests
-	Everyone to write assumptions
-	Winston to debug his auth functions 
-	Darrell finished reviewing planning.pdf
-	Brendan and Nikki deploy frontend to work out errors
	

TO-DO:
-	Push everything to master


Reflections:
-	Project was a very insightful experience - learning git, working on code collaboratively, deployment and seeing our code work a platform.
-	Time management, communicating effectively improved from Iter1, but still could have been many times better.
-	Members should seek to speak up more as it led to more time lag later on.


————————————— ITERATION 2 —————————————
Week 4 Friday - Allocation of work

WINSTON
auth/login/v2, auth/register/v2, auth/logout/v1,
user/profile/v2, user/profile/setname/v2, user/profile/setemail/v2, user/profile/sethandle/v2, users/all/v1

DARRELL
channel/details/v2, channel/invite/v2,
dm/create/v1, dm/invite/v1, dm/details/v1, dm/remove/v1, dm/list/v1, dm/messages/v1(tests), dm/leave/v1

BRENDAN
channel/messages/v2
dm/messages/v1(function), message/senddm/v1(function),
message/send/v1, message/edit/v1, message/remove/v1, message/share/v1

KELLEN
channel/join/v2, channels/list/v2,
channel/addowner/v1, channel/removeowner/v1, channel/leave/v1
notifications/get/v1


NIKKI
channels/create/v2, channels/listall/v2, 
search/v2, message/senddm/v1(tests), 
admin/userpermission/change/v1, admin/user/remove/v1



15.03.21
UPDATES:
-   	Nikki edited code to fix pylint


Meeting - Wednesday 17/03/21

Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	Winston implemented token helper functions to auth. 
-   	Winston added to __init__.
-   	Brendan, Nikki, Darrell, Kellen and Winston changed their initial assigned functions to have input token.
-   	Darrell began on dm functions.

ACTIONS:
-   	Winston verifying auth.
-   	Everyone else start their newly assigned functions for Iteration2.
-   	Darrell merged Winston's auth into his branch.

TO-DO: 
-   	Work out uniform architecture.
-   	Work on new functions.



Tutorial - Friday 19/03/21

UPDATES: 
-	Darrell changes how dms are stored.

ACTIONS:
-	Brendan clarifies with Darrell with how token is stored.
-	Darrell finishes drafting dm functions.
-	Nikki completes message/senddm

TO-DO: 
-   	Finish draft functions by next Wednesday meeting at 8:30pm.
  


Meeting - Wednesday 24/03/21

Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	

ACTIONS:
-   	Darrell updates details/v2 and invite/v2.	

TO-DO: 
-   	Kellen and Winston has to finish drafting their code.



25.03.21
UPDATES:
-	Winston made changes to server by using blueprint and completed examples in auth and auth http tests.
-	Nikki asks for Winston to return token in his auth register function and Winston argues all v2 interfaces are http api, not functions. Darrell brings up that we need to test our functions before implementing the flask.
-	Winston drafts routes and tests on Darrell’s dm/leave branch.
-	Nikki clarifies with Winston what is required for Iter2, - if there needs to be functions as well as api routes.
-	Nikki gets Winston to add token as an output to auth/register function.



26.03.21
UPDATES:
- 	Kellen pushes his functions except for notifications.
- 	Nikki gets Winston’s help on creating http tests.
- 	Meeting is postponed due to CSE maintenance.


Meeting - Saturday 27/03/21

Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Winston, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	

ACTIONS:
-   	Nikki notifies Winston to implement short code to assist with an assumption in admin/user/remove.	

TO-DO: 
-   	Get most functions done and passing pytests by Monday.



28.03.21
UPDATES:
-	Nikki notifies Winston to implement short code to assist with an assumption in admin/user/remove.
- 	Winston and Darrell discuss data persistence in the chat. 
-	Winston created his way of data persistence and Darrell wishes to follow Hayden’s lecture.



Meeting - Tuesday 30/03/21

Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen

UPDATES:
-	

ACTIONS:
-   	Nikki seeks help from Brendan to debug admin/user/remove.
-	Everyone waits for Winston to come on to explain his data persistence but he cannot be reached.

TO-DO: 
-   	Ask Winston about his way of data persistence.



Tutorial - Wednesday 31/03/21

UPDATES: 
-	

ACTIONS:
-	Winston’s server implementation does not work to our favour.
-	We clarify with our tutor, Kaiqi on how to format the server and data persistence.
-	We conclude to stick by our lecture and implement api routes in server.py rather than as a wrapper to our function files using blueprint.


TO-DO: 
-   	Finish api routes, http tests and data persistence formatting by Friday.



Meeting - Friday 02/04/21

Duration	8:30pm - 11:00pm
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen, (Winston went out for dinner)

UPDATES:
-	Darrell completes routes and http tests.
-	Nikki has one more set of http tests to pass.

ACTIONS:
-   	Kellen working through notifications function.
-	Darrell and Brendan worked out data persistence format.

TO-DO: 
-	Kellen to finish notifications, begin on routes and http tests.	



Meeting - Friday 02/04/21

Duration	8:30pm - 1:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen, (Winston went out for dinner)

UPDATES:
-	Darrell completes routes and http tests.
-	Nikki has one more set of http tests to pass.

ACTIONS:
-   	Kellen working through notifications function.
-	Darrell and Brendan worked out data persistence format.

TO-DO: 
-	Kellen to finish notifications, begin on routes and http tests.	



Meeting - Saturday 03/04/21

Duration	8:30pm - 1:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen(absent), Winston

UPDATES:
-	Kellen finishes notifications

ACTIONS:
-   	Everyone continues working on passing http tests
-	Update Winston on data persistence format
-	Resolve confusion of http types. For GET, it is params instead of json.
-	Darrell creates iter2 branch to ensure pipeline passing before things are moved into Master.

TO-DO: 
-	Kellen to finish http tests and routes.
-	Everyone to neaten their code, ensure 100% coverage, and pass pylint.



Meeting - Sunday 04/04/21

Duration	8:30pm - 1:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen, Winston

UPDATES:
-	Nikki merges her functions into iter2 and ensures pipelines passing.
-	Nikki fixes pylint issues in iter2.

ACTIONS:
-   	Nikki fetches everyone’s assumptions and updates md file.
-	Darrell merges his remaining functions in.
-	Brendan finish passing his http tests.
- 	Kellen working on http tests and routes.
-	Winston merges his branch into iter2.
-	We start merging into Master.
-	Brendan merging into Iter2.

TO-DO: 
-	Merge remaining code and tests into iter2.
-	Everyone to neaten their code, ensure 100% coverage, and pass pylint.



Meeting - Monday 05/04/21

Duration	8:30pm - 1:00am
Platform	Discord
Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Winston(absent without reason), Kellen(absent)

UPDATES:
-	Kellen merges in Iter2 his code.
-	Nikki assists Kellen in merge conflict process.
-	Nikki neatens Iter2 branch.
-	Nikki realised there were no tests for channel_leave and did them.
-	Nikki attempts to increase coverage outcome.
- 	Nikki writes reflections.

ACTIONS:
-   	Identifying last minute errors/changes.
-	    Confused what is counted for coverage.
-	    Reviewed and finalised assumptions.
-	    Nikki migrated fixtures from __init__ to a conftest file.


TO-DO: 
-	


REFLECTIONS
Previously:
-	Start earlier and read the spec carefully.
	- 	This time, we started early and viewed the spec and forum articulately.

-	Make use of social platforms and update each other frequently.
	-	This is improving and should reach autonomy by Iter3.

-	Attend all meetings that are proposed.
	- 	This has improved, and absent members are now notifying why they are absent.

-	Don’t leave code to last minute.
	-	This has improved, but still faces complications as everyone has commitments.

-   	Utilise proper Git practices.
	- 	Improved immensely. The team does not fear merging branches anymore.

-   	Utilise Git Taskboard more and consistently check board.
	- 	Needs improvement still, - most tasks are checked and written when we have meetings.

-   	Better commit comments.
	- 	Improved immensely - everyone writes what they actually changed rather than vague comments.


Improvements
-	Retrieved Winston’s phone number; will contact more effectively.
-	Everyone to provide weekly updates.
-	Adhere to team proposed deadlines.




ARCHIVE

————————————— ITERATION 1 —————————————

Week 2 - Allocation of work

auth_login_v1 (winston)

auth_register_v1 (winston)

channel_invite_v1 (darrell)

channel_details_v1 (darrell)

channel_messages_v1 (brendan)

    - Brendan was assigned to only one function as it had more factors to be considered.

channel_join_v1 (kellen)

channels_list_v1 (kellen)

channels_listall_v1 (nikki)

channels_create_v1 (nikki)



Meeting - Thursday 4/3/20

Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki


ACTIONS:
-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki finished drafting their function tests and code.

-	Kellen drafted function tests.

-	All four attendees needed auth.py to execute and affirm their tests, however Winston did not attend the meeting.

-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki proceeded to understand Winston's auth.py code drafted in the previous week.

-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki modified data.py and relevant code to ensure a consistent format and delivery.

-	Darrell and Brendan modified auth.py on Winston's auth branch to import data.py and made other relevant changes.

-	Nikki gets channels_create_v1 to work with pytest.

-   auth.py and channels_create_v1 is merged to a draft master branch called Iteration1.


NOTE: 
-	Tell Winston during tutorial/lab to attend the meeting tomorrow night.



Meeting - Friday 5/3/20

Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki, Winston (1 hour)


ACTIONS:
-	Kellen begins code for his functions.

-	Winston understands that Darrell and Brendan altered his code.

-   Nikki writes several tests required for auth for Winston to implement.

-	Nikki completes channels_listall_v1 to work with pytest.

-	Darrell and Brendan also complete their functions to work with pytest.

-   Further functions are merged to Iteration1.

-	Winston leaves without notice.

-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki begin reviewing code starting from auth.py and seeing what could be altered to be more pythonic and efficient. Comments are also added where necessary.

-	Darrell and Brendan spots incorrect code in auth.py, specifically with creating unique handles, and fixes that. 


NOTE: 
-	Kellen needs to finish his code.

-	Winston needs to code additional tests.



Meeting - Saturday 6/3/20

Duration	8:30pm - 2:00am

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki


ACTIONS:
-	Darrell, Brendan and Nikki assist Kellen in his code and gets it working with other functions and pytest.

-	Brendan attempts to modify his code to be more efficient.

-	Darrell and Nikki continue reviewing code and adding comments.

-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki begin to investigate the process of merging to Master. 

-	Many terminal conflicts are encountered during this, but it is eventually realized what needs to be done correctly. 

-	Nikki tells members to add assumptions to a google doc as she begins on the assumptions.md file.

-	Darrell, Brendan and Nikki merge auth.py, channels_create, channels_listall, channel_details, and channel_invite into master.

-	Kellen merges his code to Iteration1 to affirm it works with working functions. 

-	Pipeline takes a very long time with merges.



Meeting - Sunday 7/3/20

Duration	2:00pm - 3:50pm

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Kellen, Nikki, Winston


ACTIONS:
-	Kellen's code is merged into master.

-	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki updates Winston on what happened the previous meeting and how we merged his auth.

-	Nikki confirms that Winston has added more tests to auth.

-	Auth branch is merged to master again.

-	The group has some conflicts with master but manages to maintain relevant files.

-	Nikki completes assumptions.md file and merges to master.

-	All tasks are moved to ‘Done’ in Git Taskboard.



Meeting - Sunday 7/3/20

Duration	10:30pm 

Platform	Discord

Attendees	Darrell, Brendan, Nikki, Kellen


ACTIONS:
-	Brendan added more assumptions and added more tests to channel_messages.

-   All four attendees review and confirm assumptions.md and minutes_reflections.txt.

-   Darrell made for loop in test_channel_messages_v1_50_messages().

-   Brendan spotted 6.5 Permissions and notified Nikki and Darrell which was previously overlooked.

-   Darrell adds code to cater to permissions with assistance of Nikki, Brendan and Kellen.

-   Added access error to channel_list_v1.



REFLECTIONS

-	    Start earlier and read the spec carefully.
-	    Make use of social platforms and update each other frequently.
-	    Attend all meetings that are proposed.
-	    Don’t leave code to last minute.
-   	Utilise proper Git practices.
-   	Utilise Git Taskboard more and consistently check board.
-   	Better commit comments.



